Adding new definitions in the documentation (#224)
bcgov/jag-file-submission: docs/dictionary.md

## Business

[court definition](http://www.bclaws.ca/civix/document/id/complete/statreg/168_2009_01#subrule_d2e71)

### Document

> document has an extended meaning and includes a photograph, film, recording of sound, any record of a permanent or semi-permanent character and any information recorded or stored by means of any device;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A document has an extended meaning and includes a photograph, film, recording of sound, any record of a permanent or semi-permanent character and any information recorded or stored by means of any device.
```

### Efiling

> Electronic filing is the process of submitting a package to a Court Registry over the Internet using jag efiling software that has been approved by Court Services Branch and the Judicary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Electronic filing is the process of submitting a package to a Court Registry over the Internet using the jag-efiling software that has been approved by the Court Services Branch and the Judicary.
```

> Electronic filing is the process of submitting a package to a Court Registry over the Internet using the jag-efiling software that has been approved by the Court Services Branch and the Judicary.

Reviewer 2: jag-efiling application? not a blocker.

### File

See [computer file](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer%20file)

### Package

> A package can contain one or multiple documents that have or beeing submitted electronically for a single court file number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A package can contain one or multiple documents that have or are being submitted electronically for a single court file number.
```

### Submission

> A submission is a set of documents, fees, comments that are beeing transmitted electronically for review and filing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A submission is a set of documents, fees, or comments that are being transmitted electronically for review and filing.
```
